
Copyright 2019. Triad National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
 
This program was produced under U.S. Government contract 89233218CNA000001 for
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Triad National
Security, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security
Administration.
 
All rights in the program are reserved by Triad National Security, LLC, and
the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security Administration. The
Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a
nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide license in this material to
reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform
publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

This is open source software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the OSI Certified BSD 3-Clause License. If software is modified
to produce derivative works, such modified software should be clearly marked,
so as not to confuse it with the version available from LANL. Full text of the
OSI Certified BSD 3-Clause License can be found in the License file in the
main development branch of the repository.


ABSTRACT

APPFL is a pure functional programming language compiler and runtime system.
More specifically, the language syntax is a subset of Haskell but the
semantics support varying degrees of strictness necessary for automatic
parallelization.

This code is unclassified and has been assigned LA-CC-15-073. Los Alamos
National Laboratory’s Export Control Team made an in-house determination that
this software is controlled under Department of Commerce regulations and the
Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) EAR99. The export control review
is attached.

This code was developed using funding from the LANL Laboratory-Directed
Research Development (LDRD) Program.  Larry Kwei, LAFO Program Manager, has
granted his concurrence to asserting copyright and then distributing the
APPFL, Version 0.x code using an open source software license. See attached
memo.

CODE NAME:  APPFL, Version 0.x (C15092)
Classification Review Number: LA-CC-15-092
Export Control Classification Number (ECCN): EAR99
B&R Code:  YN0100000
